Presumptuous, are you questioning the identity of Her Royal Highness the Princess?
Can't question it?
Has anyone seen Princess Changle?
Have you seen
Or have you seen
Have any of you seen
Chang Le Ling is here
I see who dares to question the identity of this princess
This token is made of mysterious iron
The patterns were all made by the court and high-ranking people
Definitely Chang Le Ling
Right
This process
This orange
And this became the order
It's all a fight, can't fight anymore
The world will never find a second one
Isn't it just that you don't like your brother being the father of the third minister?
I said that on purpose
Isn't this completely courting death?
See how he suffers this time
Now what else do you have to say?
It's true
Isn't this the token I lost?
Why is it in his hands?
Now that you acknowledge the order
Why don't you kneel down and greet this princess?
Hand over the order
Can't kneel
The token may be genuine
But people are not necessarily real